Open source VoIP billing and calling system

ASTPP is a mature Scalable/Clustering Open Source VoIP billing solution for Freeswitch and Asterisk. It supports pre-paid and post-paid billing
with call rating, credit control and call reporting. It also provides many other features such as calling cards, least cost routing (LCR), did management, 
resellers, callbacks, etc. ASTPP can be deployed with Opensips to offer a distributed Telco VoIP Billing infrastructure. We are also able to integrate with OSCommerce 
to provide a Web store for your users to purchase calling cards and sign up for VoIP accounts. We support multiple currencies for each account type with
real-time update using Yahoo Finance. 

Please visit www.astpp.org for detailed information regarding features and functionalties.

Credits:

Mark Spencer
Company: Digium
Email: mark@digium.com
Originally wrote ASTCC. 

Name: Darren Wiebe
Company: Aleph Communications
Email: darren@aleph-com.net
Founder of ASTPP Open Source VoIP Billing 
ASTPP was born from ASTCC, however Darren has almost entirely rewritten ASTPP to clean up copyright issues.
The makefile is the only file which has not been replaced.

Name: Prinasen Chetty
Company: ASTPP VoIP Billing
Email: prinasen@astpp.org
Current lead developer and maintainer of ASTPP.
Prinasen has taken over the development from Darren Wiebe and since then and has released V1.6 and V1.7, where we have rewritten the entire 
GUI from scratch in PHP using Codeigniter MVC framework. Prinasen will be leading the way forward of ASTPP and further developing the project.

Name: Samir Doshi
Company: ASTPP VoIP Billing
Email: samir@astpp.org
Major contributor towards ASTPP. Samir has been actively involved in ASTPP since Version 1.6 and has brought upon many patch’s and introduced
new functionalities. Samir is now part of ASTPP’s core team.


Please visit the ASTPP website @  http://www.astpp.org

ASTPP Support :
Please email us at info@astpp.org for support.

ASTPP Team
info@astpp.org